character stats

Neill - Main Lord
Knight Errant (Footlocked, 6 Move)
Joins in Chapter 1
D/C Swords, C/E Lances
FCM: 3   Skills: Miracle
Accost Prf Lance. Gives a small speed boost
Son of a knight of the Weissritter, escaped Belhalla after fighting for its freedom and now helps the people of Silesse.

Seadna - Pegasus Rider
Joins in Chapter 1
E Swords/D+25 Lances
FCM: 1  Skills: Adept
A self-taught pegasus rider. She forgoed stable employment in the corps for the thrill of being a mercenary. She took a few jobs with Storm Cabal
before pledging herself to the cause full-time. She's smitten with Neill.

Otto - Bow Knight
Joins in Chapter 1
C Bows
FCM: 5  Skills: None
High Skill, Low Strength
Son of a Beigenritter scoundrel who left him and his mother to fend for themselves. His harsh, ugly upbringing has left him humorless, machine-like.
Neill and his father saved his life, and he joined Storm Cabal to pay them back.

Barra - Pirate
Joins in Chapter 1
FCM: 2  Skills: Vantage
D Axes
Huge HP and Strength, not a lot of anything else
A former pirate from Orgahil and longtime member of Storm Cabal. He acts as a sort of mentor to Neill.

Gerald - Sword Armor
Joins in Chapter 2
A stoic individual. He was there when Silesse first fell in 759. The most consistent thing about him is his use of fire swords.

Edith - Wind Mage
Joins in Chapter 3
FCM: 0
D+25 Wind, E Fire/Thunder
Low Speed and Magic, decent skill and good bulk. Pure Waters recommended for combat, incentivises getting them
Brave + Vantage Wind Prf. 0 might, high hit
A mercenary from Grannvale hired to guard suspicious transports. She catches wind of some shady dealings, and abandons her duty
in the middle of battle. She's captured by bandits, and then freed and recruited by Storm Cabal.

Ilse - Female Paladin
Joins in Chapter 4
FCM: 1 Skills: None
B Swords, C Staves
An curate who works directly for the monarchy.
blue hair

Waulter - Axe Knight
Joins in Chapter 4
FCM: 3
Balanced Stats
A Axes, D+40 Swords
A former occupant of Silesse sent by Grannvale during the war. He regrets a lot.
red hair

Sionnach - Baron
Joins in Chapter 5
The bastard son of Count Daccar from FE4. He has been steadily climbing the corporate ladder using his genealogical status and fast-talking skills.
He becomes a benefactor of Storm Cabal and subsequently joins their ranks.

Geb - Soldier
Joins in Chapter 6 if certain conditions are met
secret character oooooo they wear a mask oooooo

Fee - Pegasus Knight
Joins in Chapter 7
Y'know, from FE4? Her family is out right now. It's been a rough couple of months.

[[[BOSSES]]]
Maurice - Warrior
Fachtna - Rogue
Tavares - General
Devereux - Paladin
Sluggo - Hero
Grubbla - Berserker
Werner - Sorcerer
Durchval - Dark Bishop
Agnes - Huntress (Inf. Sword/Bow)

