
 Chapter 1: A short village-bandit clearing map to get the player acquainted with their starting squad's abilities and equipment. Not much going on here. 
 Our party are honourable thieves, who steal from the rich, greedy and evil to give back to the suffering people of Silesse. 

 Chapter 2: The party comes across a Loptrian caravan and they assault it. After winning the battle, they find captured children in the caravan.
 This sparks our protagonist to focus his efforts on saving and returning lost children to their families.
 
 Chapter 3: With children in tow, the party spends the night in the ruins of an isolated town. However, they wake up in the middle of the night to Loptyrian mages tracking them down, and paid mercenaries/bandits in tow.
 They must both protect the children and escape the ruined village. (Perhaps there could be a recurring Galzus-like superboss that is introduced here?)
 The Wind Mage is captured and left in a cell this chapter. However the enemies forget to disarm them and try to kill them through the walls.
 
 Chapter 4: The party finally reaches the village of the captured children, and returns them home. 
 But the Loptyrians once again start an assault on our party, forcing them to defend the village until everyone can evacuate and head for Tofa, until they can escape themselves.
 
 Chapter 5: Our party breaks from the fleeing villagers as they know the Loptyrians will prioritise them. They decide to take a fort so they will stand a chance against the oncoming forces.
 While searching the fort for weapons and supplies, they find a secret passageway in the deepest part of the fort that seems to go on for miles. Seeing as the alternatives are grim, they decide to follow the path and hopefully emerge at a safer location.
 
 Chapter 6: The party emerges from the passage and surface in the Silessian Mountains, a few days march from Tofa. As seeking refuge would be the safest plan of action, they decide to make for the castle.
 Along the way, they come across a bandit hideout and decide to take the time to clear them out. (Prisoner, playable character?)
 
 Chapter 7: Finally making their way to Tofa, the party meets with Princess Fee to decide on their next course of action. Fee knights the protagonist as a Paladin of Silesse, and they promote to Paladin.
 They decide to move south to assault one of the Loptyrians bases in which they "reeducate" the children they capture. This is a long and arduous fight, but the party succeeds, but not without a few stragglers fleeing to signal for help.
 
 Chapter 8/Endgame: The Empire seems to have been aware of the plan to attack the Loptyrian base. Thracian Dracoknights and the Beigeritter lead a full assault on the party as they return to Tofa, but Fee leads the forces of Tofa out to save the party.
 After the battle is over, everyone reconvenes in Tofa, as Fee declares her plan to lead a squad to assist Shannan's taking place in northern Issach.
 The party asks to follow their princess, but it cannot be done as they don't have enough pegasi to carry everyone across the mountains. Thus, they decide to stay in Tofa to protect the city and aid the people of Silesse with their plight.
 